update: waf playlist on doc (#1284)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/reference/secure/edge-firewall/web-application-firewall/web-application-firewall.mdx

import LinkButton from 'azion-webkit/linkbutton'

> Learn how Web Application Firewalls secure your applications. Watch the playlist below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how Web Application Firewall secures your applications. Watch the playlist below:
```
